I really like the gloves extremely
comfortable very light this almost feels
like almost like a golf glove on your
hand as far as a contract to make with
the shaft of the stick you know I love
the gloves actually this is probably the
most comfortable 12 I've actually worn
they felt very comfortable for first
time wearing them they felt worn in like
you've been wearing them for a while
I think the gloves are great you know
very light very snug on your hand great
protection for the event if I can't
believe anyway hasn't thought about it
before it's not restrictive at all what
adds extra protection and I think this
is gonna solve a few of those risks
flashing issues and things like that so
I'm excited to get them on our players
I like the weight of the stick was good
the balance of it felt good you know you
got a good good ratio with the blade and
the rest of the stick felt pretty good
the feel of the puck with the stick was
far better than the make oh that I've
been using and the the flex of the stick
was was really really nice
you know I think the sticks are good
real light you know they have some good
backbone to them when you're shooting
the puck but at the same time when
you're receiving the puck they they have
a soft feel to them which is a tough
combination together
it's a great feels I have been wearing
them for a couple months
there's no break-in period very first
time putting them on they were extremely
comfortable I of very wide feet
quadruple a width feet and when I put
these on I was thinking I'd probably
only last about 5 10 minutes in them but
they're very comfortable skates
you